oh my gosh
there is he getting married henna taking
a half I gotta call Ben Ben what person
getting married in a day and a half oh
my gosh I gotta call Joey Joey what's
Pierce is getting married in a day and a
half
oh my gosh I gotta call rose danger rose
header look what Perry she's getting
married and taking a half oh my gosh I
gotta call Sean hello Sean Paris just
getting married in the day and a half
oh my gosh I'll be right there he's on
his way over here
hey guys thanks for coming over on such
short notice
no problem guys Paris is getting married
in a day and a half
oh my gosh I don't know about you guys
but I haven't even started to think
about what I'm gonna get him as a gift
yeah and in this economy who can afford
a gift yeah true
yeah I'm still pretty broke well wait
guys I assumed we would just do another
ramp like you did for me Sean now you
tell us I mean we talked about it but we
didn't think you would want us to why
not
because well it'd have to be better than
yours
come on guys let's not waste time
talking about something that we know we
can't even do yeah Plus who could make a
viable artistic product in 36 hours
wait a second
36 hours why is that sound so familiar
yeah 36 hours guys we can do this in 36
hours we've done it before
in fact I've already got something
started
anyways but you know what guys Shawn
does have a point we're good at making
things in 36 hours
however we no longer have 36 hours
okay guys rap video it is but in order
to do this we need to figure out the
three requirements are I got it
okay so the three things we need to
incorporate into our project are one
fireworks to a celebrity and three this
music wait a second
fireworks yeah celebrity who's this eh
we'll figure it out later
but can we even rap to this music listen
to it it sounds like there are three
verses so that means we need three
people to rap Ben can you take the first
one sure
Holmes Q do a second yeah and who can do
the last verse I will no I will guys
figure this out amongst yourselves right
now we've got to get started Joey do you
have your camera yeah Mike do you have
parish's clapboard of course guys
nearly four years in a month - the day
has passed plus the 36 hours I did the
math a moving-picture festival with the
day in the half to write record and edit
is what the week from the chat I
conceived your obsession with the
freshness of fashion in the facial hair
department I mustache is your passion
we rule earth forever build the killer
Raz no spillover blood you'll shave your
lip make you slip trip limp in the mud
and it's a shame that you give up on the
burpees and thruster swing low that
kettlebell that cashflow cut your
cluster can't be burned in Hamilton's
living life like the mayor gotta save
the link is for the groceries and your
mortgage playa what you wanna plain
looking like you saw a ghost eyes fight
that was white push your fingers for the
coke that's not my name - enough next
time we're together I've read you like a
brother does another snipe leather wear
your wedding I thought I'd make a
bracelet for you with a name and a deed
every double use and when you saw it you
think what Wes Anderson do instead I
made you a movie waiting rat for two
baby there were so many nice when I
dreamed of someone walking towards me in
a white dress
I never knew who was till one night oh
sorry
it wasn't you
but don't worry cuz I was just a dream
girl mechanically separated chicken for
Joey's kitchens what with lickin and
Joey's chicken while we're picking with
him and getting tickled a little we were
sitting in edited Doritos now you
sitting in your tuxedo incognito with
that debido Guido ah sue me to Google me
Holmes with him I can't eat toast with a
must achieve Shawn with a bead maybe
roll center and shall we perish what a
character you guys want a ride down to
Gimbels in my limo still the nimble with
my bimbo I can see you through the
window Carlene can we rekindle my fuzzy
wuzzy was a bear wasn't neat
but that's only cuz he was accustomed me
so as a courtesy I let him be possibly
hippie words but with me prophecy he be
six feet under siege cousin me yes
indeed perishing my cousin gee anybody
buggin beef or Haley yes indeed I can
bust a cheek turn the other cheek buff
their cheek make their wraps up like
like buzzards in the business ice and
ice I'm like consensus now it's time to
get down to the business if you need me
let me know when it comes to grinding
I'm the kid when it comes to love fell
sound or is a chigger
there are so many things about you then
make you
is perfect in my eyes if I had to pulled
out my highlighter and highlight my
favorite parts about
jaundice girl the date was September
another day in a basement it's my turn
it's my turn it's my turn bitch Jake on
and I'm calling mr. P psych hold out
your much cuz it's gonna be tight I got
two words for your face for the one get
married turn the volume up into
directors commentary we film pizza when
I met the pizza P crank out some movies
and make some history with toast he
particular one to don't forget P this
almost is 50/50 yo making movies with my
homie oh how you fuckin do it
it's been four years psych come on much
should you say get my inspiration from
mr. Wes Anderson get that overhead shot
and meet mrs. Lane tell me wedding
videos from stings weren't go 258 I will
make a gangster go love the one wedding
gave the smiling Josh guy you saw across
the room and say I make her my bride
Kaylee show how wish you got the best
you're married attend this guy'll say
the
hey first case is JIP I got a secret
marriage right here it's oh no forgot it
and done right on time
wait a second guys what about the first
requirement fireworks Oh rats
Oh guys I thought we'd just leave the
fireworks to Paris
hey wait what do we mean by fireworks